ROGUE - UMBRAL STALKER

Deadly Shadows 
Starting at 3rd level, you become accustomed to darkness and make it your deadly playground. You gain darkvision of 60 feet. You don't need advantage on the attack roll to use your sneak attack if both you and the target creature are in dim light or darkness, you are within 5 feet of the creature, and you don't have disadvantage on the attack roll. All the other rules for sneak attack still apply to you. 

Gloomblade 
You infuse your attacks with the essence of darkness itself. Whenever you sneak attack a creature with a melee weapon attack, you deal an additional 1d6 necrotic damage and reroll any 1s and 2s on damage dice of that attack and must take the second result. In addition, you can choose to roll your sneak attack damage dice as necrotic damage at will. 

Shadow Stride 
At 9th level, once per turn as a free action, you can substitute any amount of your movement for a teleportation of the equivalent distance. When teleporting in this way, both your starting and final location must be in dim light or darkness. 

Umbral Soul 
At 13th level, you gain resistance to cold and necrotic damage. In addition, whenever you are reduced to 0 hit points, you regain a number of hit points equal to your rogue level, stand up, and halve all damage you take until the start of your next turn. 
You can use this feature once per long rest. 

Shadow Dance 
At 17th level, you can use your bonus action to empower yourself with a swirling nimbus of shadow energy for one minute. While this shadow energy persists, you are obscured by magical darkness which you can see through, and whenever you deal sneak attack damage and roll the maximum number on one of your sneak dice, you reroll that die and add it to the damage of the sneak attack. 
You can use this feature once per long rest.

WARLOCK - REVISED MOONLIT

Expanded Spells 
I Faerie Fire, Sleep 
II Moonbeam, See Invisibility 
III Daylight, Slow 
IV Greater Invisibility, Guardian of Faith 
V Cone of Cold, Greater Restoration 

Lunar Cloak 
Starting at 3rd level, you can use your bonus action to conjure a cloak of light or darkness, gaining one of the following benefits for one minute: 

Full Moon. 

You shed bright light in a 15-foot radius and dim light in an additional 15-foot radius around you. 
When you conjure it, and as a bonus action on each of your subsequent turns, you can use your bonus action to momentarily extend the reach of your cloak and touch a hostile creature within 30 feet of you with lunar radiance. 
Make a melee spell attack against it. On a hit, the creature takes 1d8 radiant damage and has a –1 penalty to AC until the end of your next turn. 

New Moon. 

You are obscured in non-magical darkness. If you move to a tile that is in dim or bright light, you are considered to be in non-magical darkness instead. 
When you conjure it, and as a bonus action on each of your subsequent turns, you can use your bonus action to momentarily extend the reach of your cloak and touch a hostile creature within 30 feet of you with lunar chill.
Make a melee spell attack against it. On a hit, the creature takes 1d8 cold damage and is hindered until the end of your next turn.

Only one cloak can be conjured at a time. You can use this feature a number of times per long rest equal to your proficiency bonus. 

Midnight’s Blessing
At 6th level, you are resistant to radiant damage while Full Moon cloak is active and you are resistant to cold damage while New Moon cloak is active. You also learn Moon Beam spell if you haven’t already done so. You can cast it once per long rest without expanding a spell slot at your highest slot level. When you reach 11th level, you can cast it as a 6th level spell, as 7th level on 13th, as 8th level on 15th and 9th level on 17th level. When you cast Moon Beam this way, you gain temporary hit points equal to your warlock level for one minute and taking damage cannot break your concentration for this spell. 

Lunar Embrace 
At 10th level, the damage of your Lunar Cloak increases to 2d8. In addition, whenever you conjure a cloak, you gain flying speed equal to your walking speed for the duration of the cloak. 

Moonlight Guise 
At 14th level, whenever a creature damages you, you can use your reaction to become invisible until the end of your next turn. You can use this feature once per short rest.